research goes here.
Research is instrumental to the app development.
Because of this it is a regular part of app dev process. Screened and selected papers go here.

Format
our inventory number for quick reference.
Title/Authors, link to it (if not uploaded yet, a mention of journal/date it was published, 
Part of App it relates to. Notes.

+++Gratitude+++
001: Appreciation: Individual Differences in Finding Value and Meaning as a Unique Predictor of Subjective Well‐Being
Mitchel G. Adler  N. S. Fagley https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1111/j.1467-6494.2004.00305.x
Gratitude Meditation. Value of appreciation. Ties directly to the Gratitude app. Tentatively, can go in 
the research section for that meditation

007: Robert A. Emmons and Cheryl A. Crumpler (2000). Gratitude as a Human Strength: Appraising the Evidence. 
Journal of Social and Clinical Psychology: Vol. 19, No. 1, pp. 56-69.
https://doi.org/10.1521/jscp.2000.19.1.56
Links gratitude with well being.

008: Emmons, R. A., & McCullough, M. E. (2003). Counting blessings versus burdens: An experimental investigation 
of gratitude and subjective well-being in daily life. 
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 84(2), 377–389
https://doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.84.2.377
Focus on blessings vs burdens.

009: Appreciation uniquely predicts life satisfaction above demographics, the Big 5 personality factors, and gratitude
Author links open overlay panelN.S.Fagley Personality and Individual Differences Volume 53, Issue 1, July 2012, Pages 59-63
https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0191886912000888?via%3Dihub
Excellent article on why to work on gratitude.

010: 

+++Accountability+++
002: Find, Remind, and Bind: The Functions of Gratitude in Everyday Relationships
Sara B. Algoe 2012 https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1111/j.1751-9004.2012.00439.x#b5
One of the papers for the find-remind-and-bind theory. Useful to us as benefits of cocial interaction. Use it
in the writeup for Accountability, being grateful for the call, expressing how you feel. Knowing it strengthens the relationship
Summary: 
  the initiation of new social relationships (a find function)
  orients people to existing social relationships (a remind function)
  promotes maintenance of and investment in these relationships (a bind function)
Do not see the remind function.

006: Dunn, Jennifer R.,Schweitzer, Maurice E.
Dunn, J. R., & Schweitzer, M. E. (2005). Feeling and Believing: The Influence of Emotion on Trust. 
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 88(5), 736–748. 
https://doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.88.5.736
Talk of establishing trust, and its importance. Base text on these findings.

003: Algoe, S. B., Fredrickson, B. L., & Gable, S. L. (2013). The social functions of the emotion of gratitude 
via expression. Emotion, 13(4), 605–609. https://doi.org/10.1037/a0032701
Same author, similar experiment as above.

010: Benefit valuation predicts gratitude
Daniel E. Forster, Eric J. Pedersen, Adam Smith, Michael McCullough, Debra Lieberman
Pages (from-to)18-26 Journal Evolution and Human Behavior Volume38 Issue number1
StatePublished - Jan 1 2017 https://miami.pure.elsevier.com/en/publications/benefit-valuation-predicts-gratitude

++Tracker++
005: Gratitude pays: A weekly gratitude intervention influences monetary decisions, physiological responses, and emotional experiences during a trust-related social interaction
Author links open overlay panelDariuszDrążkowskiaLukasz D.KaczmarekaTodd B.Kashdanb 
Personality and Individual Differences Volume 110, 1 May 2017, Pages 148-153
https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0191886917300429?via%3Dihub
Ties great to tracker. recommend number of meditations to aim for weekly based on this. 

+++Romance and Gratitude+++

004: It's the little things: Everyday gratitude as a booster shot for romantic relationships
SARA B. ALGOE  SHELLY L. GABLE  NATALYA C. MAISEL Volume17, Issue2 June 2010 Pages 217-233 
https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1475-6811.2010.01273.x 

+++not utilized+++
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-41030-2


